docs: Refactor CRD docs and flags description (#2506)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/resources/04-watcher.md

The Watcher custom resource (CR) defines the callback functionality for synchronized Kyma runtime clusters, that allows lower latencies before the Kyma Control Plane cluster detects any changes.

> The full Watcher CR documentation van be found [here.](https://github.com/kyma-project/runtime-watcher/blob/main/docs/api.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the Watcher CR, see [Watcher CR](https://github.com/kyma-project/runtime-watcher/blob/main/docs/api.md) in the `/runtime-watcher` repository.
```
